it serves trying five little Larry out for the family, reporting to your
duty stations. A lot of resources available to you. Uh, especially
in this day and age with the Internet. First, you know simple things
like realtor dot com. We'll be able to tell you right use of school.
So if you have a family, that's the number one priority is getting
into a good safe school district, so you could use that used the
Internet resource is that are available to there's going to be a at
the base. Don't be command representation to help you, but frankly,
there just looking at the Internet, which you yourself now look at.
But I would downplay Family Service's. They'll have a lot of people.
Billy's Dildo have lists. Every duty station will have Family Service's
center. FSC will have a poker rentals available way. Start there
if you have time to get